Add Infura example to middleware docs (#2410)
ethereum/web3.py: docs/middleware.rst

   >>> w3.middleware_onion.add(construct_sign_and_send_raw_middleware(acct))
   >>> w3.eth.default_account = acct.address

> The Infura Ethereum API only supports signed transactions. This often results in ``send_raw_transaction`` being used repeatedly, instead we can automate this process with ``construct_sign_and_send_raw_middleware(private_key_or_account)``.

Reviewer: We're trying to keep our docs as API agnostic as possible. So instead of highlighting specifically the Infura API, maybe something like: 
```suggestion
:ref:`Hosted nodes<local_vs_hosted>` (like Infura or Alchemy) only support signed transactions. This often results in ``send_raw_transaction`` being used repeatedly. Instead, we can automate this process with ``construct_sign_and_send_raw_middleware(private_key_or_account)``.
```

Author: These edits are great, awesome work! :100:
